PUBLIC HEARING, SANDRA.
>> Sandra: THANK YOU.
>> Bill: WANT TO BRING IN OUR
HEADLINER MICHAEL CAPUTO, ONE
OF THE 81 WHO RECEIVED THESE
SWEEPING DOCUMENT REQUESTS FROM
JERRY NADLER AND THE HOUSE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
GOOD MORNING FROM LANCASTER,
NEW YORK.
A WEEK AGO YOU SAID YOU WON'T
COOPERATE.
HAVE YOU CHANGED YOUR MIND?
>> NO, I HAVEN'T.
I THINK THERE WERE SOME KIND OF
CLICK BAITING HEADLINES OUT
THERE.
MY ATTORNEY IMMEDIATELY
RESPONDED TO THE COMMITTEE'S
REQUEST SAYING WE HAVE NONE OF
THE DOCUMENTS THEY ASKED FOR.
THEY ASKED ME FOR THREE
DOCUMENTS ABOUT THINGS I HAD
NOTHING TO DO WITH AND NOWHERE
NEAR.
IF THEY HAPPENED AT ALL.
THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING, ANY
KIND OF DISCUSSIONS BETWEEN
MANAFORT AND DATES AND RUSSIANS
AND ANY RUSSIANS WHO WERE IN
CONTACT WITH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
I WAS NOWHERE NEAR ANY OF THAT.
PROBABLY DIDN'T EVEN HAPPEN.
IN THAT CONVERSATION THE SENIOR
COMMITTEE STAFFER ASKED MY
ATTORNEY IF HE WOULD PRESENT ME
FOR TESTIMONY.
THAT WOULD BE THE FOURTH TIME
I'VE TESTIFIED UNDER OATH
ANSWERING THE SAME QUESTIONS
AGAIN.
MY ATTORNEY WAS PALMS UP ABOUT
IT.
WE HAD A DISCUSSION.
I DON'T INTEND TO TESTIFY IN
FRONT OF THEM IF THEY INVITE ME.
I DON'T THINK ANYONE ELSE WHO
HAS TESTIFIED UNDER OATH BEFORE
SHOULD DO IT AS WELL.
>> Sandra: COULD YOU GIVE US
SOME IDEA WHAT EXACTLY -- WHAT
SORT OF DOCUMENTS THEY WERE
LOOKING FOR AND WHAT THEY
WANTED TO DIG INTO?
>> SURE, IF YOU LOOK AT THE 81
PEOPLE WHO GOT DOCUMENT
REQUESTS, SOME OF THEM GOT SIX
AND SEVEN PAGES WORTH OF
REQUESTS LIKE DON JUNIOR HAS
GOT TO HAVE THREE OR FOUR
ATTORNEYS WORKING HARD TOWARD
IT.
I HAD THREE PARAGRAPHS, LESS
THAN HALF A PAGE.
THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING WITH
RUSSIAN ATTORNEY.
I WAS IN CLEVELAND AT THE
CONVENTION AT THE TIME.
I DIDN'T HEAR ABOUT THAT
MEETING UNTIL IT WAS IN THE
PRESS.
THEY ASKED ME IF I HAD ANY
DOCUMENTS ABOUT COMMUNICATIONS
BETWEEN RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT
OFFICIALS OR THEIR
INTERMEDIARIES AND THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN.
NONE OF THAT HAPPENED AND I
HAVE NONE OF THAT.
THEY ASKED ME FOR ANY DOCUMENTS
I MIGHT HAVE REGARDING RICK
GATES AND PAUL MANAFORT
COMMUNICATING WITH TWO RUSSIANS
AND UKRAINIANS.
I WAS NOWHERE NEAR THAT.
I HAD NOTHING TO GIVE THEM.
WE WERE IMMEDIATELY RESPONSIVE.
IF THEY'LL ASK ME WITH JUST
THREE PARAGRAPHS OF REQUESTS
PROBABLY THE SHORTEST DOCUMENT
REQUEST.
81.
IF THEY INVITE ME BEFORE THE
COMMITTEE THEY'LL INVITE ALL 81
AND IT WILL BE A LONG, LONG
SUMMER.
>> Bill: HOW HIGH OR DEEP ARE
YOUR LEGAL BILLS TODAY?
>> WELL OVER $200,000.
I WAS ABLE TO RAISE ALL OF THAT
AN GoFundMe.
I RAISED ENOUGH ON GoFundMe I
WAS ABLE TO PAY THE LEGAL FEES
OF SEVERAL OTHER TRUMP
ASSOCIATES WHO WERE RECALLED IN
AS WITNESSES AS WELL.
PEOPLE LIKE -- WHO DIDN'T HAVE
THE WHEREWITHAL TO PAY LIKE MY
FAMILY.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY RIGHT NOW
WE'RE FACING -- EVERY TIME YOU
GO BEFORE THESE GUYS ITS
$20,000 OR $30,000.
IF YOU WOULD TAKE THE  NRIFSH
LIKE I WOULD DO.
IT'S REALLY A FINANCIAL
PUNISHMENT AND RAISE IT ON
GoFundMe AGAIN.
IT IS A TERRIBLE THING.
I'VE LOST MY BUSINESS.
I NEARLY LOST MY HOUSE.
MY KIDS 4 AND 6-YEAR-OLD AND
16-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER, MY WIFE.
WE'VE HAD OUR LIVES ON PAUSE
FOR TWO YEARS AND WE WERE JUST
ABOUT GETTING READY TO PRESS
PLAY WITH THE PRESENTATION OF
THE MUELLER REPORT AND HERE WE
GO AGAIN.
>> Sandra: WHY DO YOU THINK
NADLER AND HIS COMMITTEE ARE
ASKING FOR THIS?
>> I'LL TELL YOU, FIRST OF ALL
I'M FROM NEW YORK.
I'M IN UPSTATE NEW YORK.
NADLER IS IN MANHATTAN.
THIS GUY IS SHARP AND BEEN
AROUND A LONG, LONG TIME.
PEOPLE LIKE TO MAKE FUN OF
DEMOCRATS IF YOU'RE ON THE
REPUBLICAN SIDE.
DON'T MAKE FUN OF JERRY NADLER.
HE IS SMART AND KNOWS WHAT HE
IS DOING.
I THINK HE IS TRYING TO GET --
ENTRAP SOME PEOPLE IN PERJURY.
ANYBODY WHO TESTIFIED BEFORE
LIKE MYSELF TRUTHFULLY THREE
TIMES UNDER OATH.
I TESTIFIED BEGINNING TWO YEARS
AGO.
MAYBE I MISREMEMBER A DATE,
COLOR OR SMELL AND I'M ON A
PERJURY CHARGE.
IF HE GETS SOMEBODY ON A
PERJURY TRAP LIKE THAT THEY GET
THEM TO FLIP AND SAY SOMETHING
NEGATIVE ABOUT THE PRESIDENT.
LIKE MICHAEL COHEN IS DOING.
JERRY NADLER IS TRYING TO PUT
TOGETHER AND ASSEMBLY AND
TRYING TO CREATE ANOTHER
MICHAEL COHEN SO THEY CAN
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT.
THAT IS WHAT THIS IS ALL ABOUT.
A PERJURY TRAP LEADING TO
IMPEACHMENT AND I'M NOT GOING
TO PLAY.
>> Bill: DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THE
PRESIDENT WILL PLAY, EITHER.
ADAM SCHIFF MADE AN APPEARANCE
-- MAKING A CASE THAT MUELLER
CAN'T PUT OUT A REPORT UNLESS
HE GETS THE PRESIDENT UNDER
OATH.
>> I THINK IT IS A MISTAKE.
WHEN YOU GET WRITTEN ANSWERS
FROM THE WITNESS IT IS THE
LAWYER'S ANSWER AS MUCH AS A
CLIENT'S ANSWER.
YOU NEED TO ASK FOLLOW-UP
QUESTIONS IN REALTIME.
>> Bill: I DON'T THINK IT'S
GOING TO HAPPEN.
I DON'T KNOW WHY IT WOULD BASED
ON WHAT YOU HEAR FROM JAY
SEKULOW AND GIULIANI.
>> WHY WOULD SCHIFF WANT THE
GRAVY TRAIN TO END.
THE RUSSIAN COLLUSION DELUSION
IS COMING TO AN END.
THE MUELLER TEAM WHETHER YOU
LIKE THEM OR HATE THEM, THEY'RE
THE MOST CAPABLE, MOST
REMARKABLE INVESTIGATION TEAM
WE'VE ORGANIZED IN AMERICA AND
CERTAINLY IN THIS MILLENNIUM.
IF THEY CAN'T FIND RUSSIAN
COLLUSION, DO YOU THINK
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF OR CHAIRMAN
NADLER AND THEIR TEAM WILL FIND
SOMETHING?
IT IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
>> Sandra: AS A FORMER TRUMP
CAMPAIGN ADVISOR TO TAKE A LOOK
WHAT IS HAPPENING IN 2020 SO
FAR.
JOE BIDEN ISN'T EVEN IN THE
RACE AND THE LATEST DES MOINES
REGISTER POLL HE IS LEADING THE
PACK.
HOW DO YOU THINK THINGS ARE
LOOKING RIGHT NOW, MICHAEL?
>> I TELL YOU, JOE BIDEN IS
SOMEONE WHO IS OUT FROM WESTERN
NEW YORK.
HE IS FROM SCRANTON,
PENNSYLVANIA JUST TO OUR SOUTH.
HE IS A GOOD MESSENGER FOR THE
WORKING MAN.
THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT
ARE HOLDING OFF GETTING IN OR
DID NOT GET IN, BROWN AND
MCCAUL I HAVE IS WAITING TO SEE
IF BIDEN GETS IN.
HE COULD SHUT DOWN SEVERAL
PEOPLE THAT WANT TO COMPETE IN
THIS.
JOE BIDEN IS FORMIDABLE, AS
SOMEBODY WHO SERVED AS VICE
PRESIDENT HIS BEST DAY IS THE
DAY BEFORE HE GETS IN THE RACE.
SO HE MAY BE LEADING RIGHT NOW.
IF HE GETS IN THIS RACE THEY'LL
BE TEARING HIM APART.
I THINK KLOBUCHAR IS
COMPETITIVE.
A LOT OF FOLKS ARE COMPETITIVE.
THIS IS THE REPUBLICAN PRIMARY
FROM 2016 WITH A DOZEN PEOPLE
COMPETING RIPPING EACH OTHER
APART.
I THINK DONALD TRUMP RIGHT NOW
IS GOING TO BUY MORE POPCORN
AND WATCH THEM RIP EACH OTHER